Initiating the website (#1)
RConsortium/asa-biop-swe-wg: what_we_do.qmd

---

>   title: "What We Do"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: "Goals"
```
?

Reviewer: also would rename the file accordingly to `goals.qmd`

---

  SWE WG is a cross-industry international working group
  
  Our goals are to:
  

>   * **Collaborate to engineer selected R-packages** to fill in gaps in the open-source statistical software landscape, and promote software tools designed by the working group through publications, conference presentations, workshops, and training courses, etc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Engineer selected R-packages** to fill in gaps in the open-source statistical software landscape, and promote software tools designed by the working group through publications, conference presentations, workshops, and training courses.
```

>   * **Develop best practices for engineering high-quality statistical software**, and promote the use of best practices in the broader Biostatistics community via public training materials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Develop good SWE practices** for engineering high-quality statistical software and promote their use in the broader Biostatistics community via public training materials.
```

>   * **Communicate and collaborate** with other R software initiatives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Communicate and collaborate** with other R software initiatives including via the [R Consortium](https://www.r-consortium.org/).
```
